Update Invoke-CommandInDesktopPackage.md (#2955)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2022-ps/appx/Invoke-CommandInDesktopPackage.md

# Invoke-CommandInDesktopPackage

## SYNOPSIS
A debugging tool that creates a new process in the context of a packaged app.

## SYNTAX

```
Invoke-CommandInDesktopPackage [-PackageFamilyName] <String> [-AppId] <String> [-Command] <String>
 [[-Args] <String>] [-PreventBreakaway] [<CommonParameters>]
```

## DESCRIPTION
**Invoke-CommandInDesktopPackage** creates a new process in the context of the supplied `PackageFamilyName` and `AppId`. 

The created process will have the identity of the provided `AppId` and will have access to its virtualized file system and registry (if any). The new process will have a token that is similar to, but not identical to, a real `AppId` process. 

> The primary use-case of this command is to invoke debugging or troubleshooting tools in the context of the packaged app to easily access its virtualized resources. For exampple, you can run the Registry Editor to see virtualized registry keys, or Notepad to read virtualized files. See important note below on using tools such as the Registry Editor that require elevation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The primary use-case of this command is to invoke debugging or troubleshooting tools in the context of the packaged app to easily access its virtualized resources. For example, you can run the Registry Editor to see virtualized registry keys, or Notepad to read virtualized files. See the important note that follows on using tools such as the Registry Editor that require elevation. 
```

> No guarantees are made about the behavior of the created process, other than it having the package identity and access to the package's virtualized resources. In particular, the new process will **not** be created in an AppContainer even if an `AppId` process would normally be created in an AppContainer. Features as Privacy Controls or other App Settings may or may not apply to the new process. You should not rely on any specific side-effects of using this command, as they are undefined and subject to change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No guarantees are made about the behavior of the created process, other than it having the package identity and access to the package's virtualized resources. In particular, the new process will **not** be created in an AppContainer even if an `AppId` process would normally be created in an AppContainer. Features such as Privacy Controls or other App Settings may or may not apply to the new process. You should not rely on any specific side-effects of using this command, as they are undefined and subject to change.
```

## EXAMPLES

### Example 1: Invoke Notepad to read virtualized files

> The following command invokes Notepad in the context of the `ContosoApp` app from the `Constoso.MyApp` package. This allows you to access resources such as a log file or configuration file stored in the app's virtualized filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command invokes Notepad in the context of the `ContosoApp` app from the `Contoso.MyApp` package. This allows you to access resources such as a log file or configuration file stored in the app's virtualized filesystem.
```

```
PS C:\> Invoke-CommandInDesktopPackage -AppId "ContosoApp" -PackageFamilyName "Contoso.MyApp_abcdefgh23456" -Command "notepad.exe"
```

## PARAMETERS

### -AppId

> `AppId` is the Application Id from the target package's manifest. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AppId` is the Application ID from the target package's manifest. 
```

```XML
<Application Id="MyAppName" ... />
</Application>
```

```yaml
Type: String
Parameter Sets: (All)
Aliases:

Required: True
Position: 2
Default value: None
Accept pipeline input: True (ByPropertyName, ByValue)
Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -Args

> Optional arguments to be passed to the new process (e.g. "/foo /bar")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Optional arguments to be passed to the new process (for example, "/foo /bar")
```

```

### -Command

> An executable to invoke (e.g. "regedit.exe").

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An executable to invoke (for example, "regedit.exe").
```
